Add ability to pass EarthData credentials as environment variables (#44)
ASFHyP3/hyp3-isce2: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [PEP 440](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0440/)
and uses [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.2.2]
### Added

> * Ability to pass EarthData username and password as environment variables to workflows. This allows the credentials to be passed to the docker container via a `-e` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ability to pass EarthData username and password as environment variables to workflows. This allows the credentials to be passed to the Docker container via the `-e` option.
```

Author: Changed!
